Welcome to this course some Python for finance and algorithmic trading.
My name is Jose Portsea and I'll be your instructor for the course I teach over 200000 students here
on to me on topics such as programming data science and machine learning.
And they also work as a corporate technical trainer for some of the world's largest banks and financial
institutions.
I'm excited to present this course to you.
It's based off the same technical training material I've personally delivered at some of the world's
top financial institutions will be teaching him how to use the powerful Python programming language
for financial applications and algorithmic trading.
Let's get a quick overview of the curriculum.
We'll start off a basic crash course in Python for a quick review of the programming language.
Afterwards we'll cover key libraries that we're going to be using in our analysis including some pie
pandas and Matt plotless.
Once you've learned the core libraries will jump to learning how to work with time series data with
Python including working on the stats models library.
We will also cover how to use Python to obtain financial security data including panda data reader and
the quando Python API.
Once you've mastered all these libraries will continue.
By learning about Quanto in one of the best platforms online for conducting algorithmic trading with
Python
with this course you get a variety of content including high definition video explanatory code notebooks
as well as links to complete slide decks for each major topic.
Not only do you get great content you also get access to our online question answer forms inside the
course as well as her own.
Get her chat room so you can talk to fellow students this course also comes with a certificate of completion
that you compose Harlington profile to show off to potential employers or your colleagues.
All of this comes with a risk free 30 day money back guarantee.
Check out the preview videos to get a better look at what is inside the course.
Thanks for watching and I hope see you inside the course.